I'll never forget the first couple of
ads that I ran for some of our clients
trying to generate demo requests and it
was a real struggle to make it happen on
LinkedIn in this video I want to teach
you some ideas some Timeless ideas kind
of tried and true tested ideas on ways
you can use LinkedIn to generate demos
so if you're a SAS founder if you're an
agency owner or you work in-house for a
SAS company and you need to drive demos
then this video is for you if you're
wondering who am I why listen to me I am
the found ER of AD conversion in
addition to being a digital advertising
Academy teaching B2B marketers how to
skill ads with free courses taught by
legit practitioners uh I also run an
agency where we run the ads for top
product Le and sales Le SAS companies
like active campaign mix panel net spy
Checker uh warmly data Grail uh the list
goes on so I have a lot of experience
when it comes to using LinkedIn ads and
managing seven figure budgets with this
objective in mind for pretty much 80% of
all of our companies they want to drive
demos so let's dive into it here's 14
tested ideas that you can leverage to
drive more demos with your LinkedIn ad
campaigns now as a visual reference I'm
going to be going through this article
that uh one of our team members
Alejandro wrote so you can refer to this
it'll be in the description box down
below and uh let's just kind of jve
through it with some examples so number
one if you want to drive demos on
LinkedIn you've got to use testimonials
testimonials are just tried and true
they work uh they are great at getting
social proof over to your deals now the
biggest challenge when you're running
ads on LinkedIn to generate demos and
and really anywhere for that matter but
specifically LinkedIn is you're dealing
with the challenge of urgency you're
getting in front of right the right
accounts the right people but they might
not actually be in market so this is
where when it comes to B2B it's very
different and and the Dynamics change
compared to something like b2c where you
know sales Cycles are much shorter so
staying top of mind is half the battle
and there's no better way to stay top of
Mind than through promoting social proof
and using testimonials where you can
have your customers speak on your behalf
so here's a cool example from chili
Piper that you can see here where
they're actually using a screenshot of a
G2 testimonial as their ad so this is a
really cool way that you can leverage
testimonials in your LinkedIn ad
campaigns another cool example here is
from sendoso this is kind of like a
tried andrue template in format you have
a picture of the person submitting the
testimonial ideally if you can showcase
the brand so in this case it's a
testimonial from gong which is a very
notable SAS company so this adds a lot
of weight to the testimonial that they
have here and then they're just using
quotes to to make it obvious that it's a
testimonial so tried and true you can't
go wrong with testimonials use them as
much as possible use them in prospecting
use them in remarketing and uh use them
in acceleration as well when you're
trying to go after open Ops so moving on
the second thing you can do is name the
top companies you are working with so
this
is this is something that most I think
most SAS companies kind of do and kind
of do it too much to a certain extent
they they over name drop um but but
there is a reason behind it is because
it works uh there's credibility by
association right uh for example when I
started this video and I told you hey
here's the kind of brands that we work
with like we we know a thing or two
about that right ads credibility by
association the same is true with your
ads so in this case you can see from
marketer H they're name dropping all of
the top brands that they work with and
they work with some pretty remarkable
Brands right like uh Netflix Lyft played
quip ran uh Thrive Market I've actually
haven't heard of but they work with some
pretty legit Brands and they're making
sure that you know about it so they're
saying
companies at people at these companies
hire uh folks on our Marketplace so you
should probably do the same right you're
going to find success if it worked for
them so another really great way to get
demos over the line here's another
example of name dropping uh you can see
here they name dropping in the text in
instead of the actual creative visual so
snowflake qualx 6 cense they're
mentioning the customers that they work
with to leverage Mutiny and get a demo
so tried and true name drop as much as
you can and get credibility by
association okay third one here is to
demonstrate why you're better than than
the competitors and we have some pretty
cool examples here the emphasis here is
not just to speak about it but if you
can showcase it in a very Visual and
creative way even more powerful so for
example here is a great a great uh
comparison from Apollo and zoom info and
the creative that Apollo made you can
see here they very clearly show visually
it's Apollo vers Zoom info and with the
same amount of different uh items
underneath they they show the clear
compare and contrast right so 98% email
accuracy limited data all-in-one sales
execution Suite fragmented tools
flexible contracts upsell Galore 53%
average reduction in cost frustrating ux
very clear to see before and after uh
what's going on here so really cool
stuff here from Apollo this can be
really really powerful at generating
demos especially when you are using some
sort of intent platform or you have some
sort of signal that you're operating off
of where you know you're in evaluation
like your Your Potential Prospect is
evaluating you against these competitors
so really really cool use case uh moving
on another one from Apollo they're doing
some pretty good stuff here is uh this
one here where they're visually showing
the teex stack that they can replace by
using Apollo and they've creatively
shown you how they've done that with
this little arrow going through it like
little things like this go a long way
and then also so this is an actual uh
this is a mobile only ad because of the
the dimensions that they're using that's
why it looks so long here so I'm sure
they're testing this on mobile and then
also on desktop but this is another
really cool creative way of showing how
you compare against your competition all
right number four is to highlight
Integrations with partner Technologies
Integrations is a huge objection for top
SAS companies like a lot of users do not
switch to new tools not because of the
benefit that they will get from the new
tool it's because of the pain from
moving from their existing tool they've
kind of rooted their their company into
the existing tool so getting them to
switch is it's a lot of effort and pain
so if you can showcase how you can help
with the available Integrations and to
make that process more seamless uh even
better right so for example here with uh
type form they're showcasing their
Integrations and the power of use of
using type form and HubSpot together and
what that was able to achieve uh which
is a pretty good one and then here
similar format from typ form same exact
creative template but they're switching
it up and uh they're showing what it
looks like with type form and HubSpot uh
adding on to this I will also mention is
the migration fears so if you can also
create creatives around demonstrating
how your product is easy to migrate to
and the Integrations that to support
that can really be effective at getting
people over the line to actually
generate that demo request all right
number five showcase your product this
sounds like an obvious thing but it's
not an obvious thing and I can't tell
you how many creatives and SAS ads that
we look at and clients that we take on
we look at their ads and you don't
understand anything about their product
you can't see into their product you
don't understand what it's like in their
product uh and at the end of the day the
better job you can do at letting users
understand what the other side is like
so they can see themsel there in your
product the easier it's going to be at
getting a demo a trial or anything for
that matter so here's an example from
hockey stack where they're actually
showing you inside of the product to a
certain extent I think they could do
more here and you know make it a video
videos are really powerful for this type
of format but in this case you can see
here that they're showing you what it's
like in their product and how you can
identify the right people so they're
leveraging product mockup illustrations
to Showcase that uh here's another
example from from loo which is really
good where you can see very quickly
their Chrome extension and then you can
see the dashboard I would assume of what
it looks like in their actual tool so
this again really powerful because now
just from seeing this creative alone I
can already visualize certain pieces of
value that I might be able to receive
from this tool and better understand
what they're all about so very very
important demonstrate your product this
is something that people in the
e-commerce space do really well with
unboxings uh dramatic demonstrations but
when it comes to B2B and SAS we
completely forget this and at the end of
the day you're selling to people and the
same psychology applies all right number
six you want to stand out with humor so
this one you know you have to kind of
use your brand in mind or your client's
brand in mind but uh humor is a very
powerful thing if you can get someone to
elicit an emotional response you are
going to do such a more effective job
not only at conversion but also building
brand affinity and trust and uh you're
going to become more memorable right if
you actually got them to react in an
emotional way ideally a positive
Association and there's nothing like it
like humor so you can see here from
chili Piper they're using a cool little
um I guess you can classify this as like
a a meme in a way but it's like a before
and after and you can see here mqls
they've got like all this spinach in the
plate and then here in in this side
there's like barely any
right like simple way to Showcase humor
with all also you don't have to be
outrageous this is where you have to use
your brand tone and message in in mind
but being funny doesn't mean you have to
be ridiculous there's a there's a
discrepancy there right so use humor if
possible because it is very powerful
even better when you're creating your
memes or your visual references if you
can tap into the things that are
happening today in in in pop culture or
just in the world and like big political
news and you can play on that that could
be really powerful as well cuz you can
you can hit on a on a very timely nerve
okay moving on here's another really
cool example of kind of what I'm talking
about where you're taking something and
then you're repurposing it so if you
look at this example here from cognism I
love this
example if you look closely and you're
familiar with like the Drake the Drake
meme where he's like you know doing the
the dab and looking away this is Drake
but they just
they reformatted Drake into this like
character and maybe they did it for
legal reasons I'm not sure if they
thought it would be like a compliance
issue um but this is a cool way of
taking something that is known in in the
world right like that Drake meme is very
known everybody kind of gets it for the
most part and remaking it in a new way
right where they've created this this
character so this is a cool way of
showcasing humor in your ads all right
moving on is hyper person personalized
messaging for all of you listening to
this that are doing account based
marketing pay attention uh which should
be most of you if you're running linkon
ads and these are some great examples
from user gems where they are running
hyper-personalized onetoone ads for
specific companies that they are trying
to generate deals with so for example
this one is for deoe and you can see the
creative is speaking to deoe in the
actual image and they're also calling
out deoe specifically in the copy if
you're wondering how they're able to
Target this personalized on a onetoone
level it's because they're using uh an
individual LinkedIn campaign for every
competitor that they want to talk to or
every Prospect they want to talk to so
basically they have one campaign for
deoe in their LinkedIn ad manager and
they're building out all these
individual onetoone campaigns to be able
to do this level of personalization if
you want to learn more about this
approach the one to1 campaigns let me
know in the comments down below because
it could definitely be a future video
but this is a really cool way of using
that hyper-personalized messaging to
drive more opportunities and Deals and
demos here's another one from from
hockey stack following the same exact
logic these onetoone plays where they're
saying hey yex and then they've got here
uh yex in their you know in their
creative and they're making it very
clear that they're speaking to yex so if
I'm somebody who works at yex and I see
this ad in my feed I'm be like oh wait a
second that's going to catch my eye
right that's going to grab my attention
so uh really really powerful stuff there
okay number eight is using statistics so
stats are really powerful especially
when they're when they're believable uh
at the end of the day you know people
want to see the data to be able to make
an informed decision especially in B2B
you're dealing long complex sales Cycles
these are not usually emotional impulse
purchases giving people data to to
validate their decisions and logic is
really powerful so here's an example of
Statistics in your creative from user
gems where you can see that they're
calling out three times as previous
customers convert higher than normal
leads 70% of Executives spend 70% of
their budget in the first 100 days and
50% of the companies Miss key buyers in
their account so they're just stating
cited stats right um which is really
cool and then they're driving people to
a demo all right next example here is
from lavender where they're showcasing
some stats so you can see here uh
sellers who use lavender 2x their reply
rate and they're calling out the
statistic here send emails with
confidence at 22% plus will get a reply
and then what I also like here that
they're doing is they're also showcasing
their product to a certain extent so
they're showing how it all connects
visually tying back to some of the other
points that we mentioned earlier in this
video so really cool example all right
this one gets a mixed bag of feedback
but it is very powerful if you want to
drive demos and that is using incentives
so the most common examples of
leveraging incentives are things like
Amazon gift cards Dash gift cards and so
on and so forth uh here's an example
from metadata that they're using a $100
Amazon gift card in exchange for taking
a demo now the key here and this could
be a whole separate video if you want to
learn more about incentives I actually
talk about incentives in my LinkedIn
conversation ads uh tutorial but I can
do a separate video on it but the the
key here is like I always tell clients
when when they're considering using
incentivized ads we've seen great
success with incentivized ads like we
have one client where writing up a case
study right now where we've generated
over $2 million and qualified pipeline
just from incentive ads so it's really
powerful if you can do it right but the
key here and the discrepancy I will say
is you are not Santa Claus okay you're
not just giving out gift cards to
anybody you're doing a very highly
targeted campaign here list of accounts
ICP fit and you're making sure that this
ad goes to those specific people and
then you also need to make sure you
qualify in your copy and you're creative
so that they understand what they're
signing up for and they understand if
they qualify for the actual incentive so
maybe a conversation for another day but
incentives are a really powerful way to
generate demos this is an example from
metadata and then here's a cool way of
using incentives in a creative way from
cognism where because the Amazon gift
card especially in the mtek space where
it originated is getting so overplayed
cognism is positioning against it and
they're saying forget the Amazon gift
card get 25 free leads instead and
here's the kicker here what I love about
this incentive offer is they give 25
free leads anyways part of their core
product anyways so it's like they're not
expending anything else and they're
positioning against something that's
very known in their industry which is
really cool and 25 leads is a very
creative incentive that is very valuable
because you get 25 free leads that can
mean a new deal that can mean you can
test the quality of their data set and
so other so so many other things so
don't think it just has to be an Amazon
gift card or any variation of a gift
card you can get creative and think
about your product what is a unique
opportunity you have to be able to offer
some sort of incentive to get people to
sign up for a demo now just know like I
mentioned earlier in this video the
number one thing that is fighting
against you at driving demos on LinkedIn
and and really just paid social is
timing just because you get people to
sign up for a demo through this this
offer don't think that they're going to
be in market and ready to purch purchase
it could be very different from the
truth so make sure that uh when you run
these campaigns you also operate from
the frame of like this is an awareness
demo is kind of what we call it and
we're able to build a relationship with
this person nurture them so that way 3 6
months down the line when they are ready
they are in Market they actually
remember you and hopefully they will
move forward with you so moving on uh
number 10 here is to show how much
better life would be with your product
so uh here's a good example from motion
they uh they're a creative analytics
platform and they're showing before and
after this is like a tried and true
creative concept that you'll see a lot
especially in the SAS space and you can
see here before motion if I just kind of
zoom in here it's an Excel spreadsheet
in a laptop mockup and then after is
their tool I think they could visualize
this better because it's it's a little
bit small and they've kind of restricted
themselves to the dimensions of the
laptop so I think they could redo this
ad but the key key here is that they're
showing you before and after what is
life like with their product vers
without very important going back to can
you paint the picture of hey here's what
life is going to be like with my product
versus without the more you can do that
and the more people can see thems in the
other side the better off you're going
to be okay and the second example which
I think is really well done from work
Vivo is this before and after comparison
creative concept and don't think it just
has to be a before and after creative
concept to Showcase what life is like on
the other side uh there's a lot of other
creative ways you can go about this but
this is a really cool Tred and true
concept for you to test and you can see
here before it's like stacking all of
these different uh you know facets of
what you would need and then after how
you would be able to do it with using
their tool so really cool stuff from
work Vivo all right moving on number 11
test ads in different languages so this
is really powerful and the caveat here
is you need to be able to sell in this
language so if your team can't sell in
this language it probably won't do you
much good to get a demo with a person
who speaks this language but if you are
usually a global brand or you have
multiple sales reps that are able to
support and sell in multiple languages
the same thing in terms of customer
support you can support that customer in
multiple languages then you should
absolutely be considering this type of
approach and that is testing ads in
different languages so for example here
from pandadoc you can see here they are
uh talking here in Spanish and they are
promoting their product in Spanish and
they're targeting people who speak
Spanish and so on and so forth tons of
associated cost benefits from this
approach with these localization
campaigns so definitely recommend doing
this if you have the option available
here's another example from Meo where
they are advertising in a different
language outside of English um so you
can see here what that looks like all
right number 12 and if you haven't
gotten value already from this video uh
please do me a favor like the video
comment share subscribe really helps us
a lot keep uh keep these videos going
and uh we you know we really just want
to give you as much value as possible as
simply as possible so that's why we you
know we we do these videos in this
format so we just kind of get to the
point number 12 is to announce a new
product update so this one it's can be
really hit or miss but it's worth saying
cuz it's kind of tried and true so if
you need more demos and you just
released a really sick product update a
new feature something a launch uh this
could be a really great opportunity to
drive demos especially if you can
showcase it in a really good way so
here's an example from Zoom info that
they launched a new product and uh
they're they're promoting it I think
they could make this creative better in
the sense of like it's kind of buried
What It's Like on the other side I would
make that more of the the the Showcase
and the Forefront but allowing people to
understand the benefits of your product
you just released is is is definitely a
tried andrue concept okay and then last
but not least we're almost to the end
here number 13 is to list the features
that your ICP would be most interested
in uh this it's kind of like obvious and
easy to do but easy not to do there are
often times in every application every
offer there are certain specific points
that make the difference on purchase or
not and the better understanding you
have on like what are those points of
when you showcase it in a demo you
usually get like aha moments light bulbs
people get excited uh what are those
specific features and sometimes they're
like very very small things that you
take for granted like filters could be
as simple as filters but it's very
powerful for the user and what they want
showcasing that is really helpful and
Powerful uh to drive demos so in this
case they're they're showcasing their
feature on desktop and mobile app the
chat and push notifications and then
being able to Auto Translate in 90
languages that's like whoo you know and
then from there you can of course click
through and explore more and understand
what's going on one thing I will mention
too because everyone gets this wrong in
in SAS when they're trying to drive
demos is remember as well like the job
of the ad is not to convert the user
that's the job of the landing page or
the lead form the job of the ad is to
get the person to click it's it's to
break their pattern it's to get their
eye it's to grab their attention it's to
get get them to click so then they can
go to the landing page to drive a
conversion uh or the lead form so don't
make the mistake too of thinking you
know your ad has to do all of the
lifting on its own so just an important
distinction here okay and then finally
here is to host a live demo this is a
really powerful one if you have uh a
really good presenter so in an example
here from metadata they've got their
head of sales doing a live demo and
they're promoting a live live demo to
prospects even better if you're
promoting this type of offer to people
that are already product aware so if
they've been to your website and your
remarketing if they've been to your high
intent Pages this is a great offer to
promote in front of them to get them to
sign up for a demo is doing a live demo
so you can even better if you can do it
with a customer so then they can hear
from an existing customer that can be a
really powerful way for you to drive
more demo registrations for your SAS
company I hope this video was helpful if
you want to get access to this document
and all of the the examples listed I'll
drop it in the comments down below for
you and uh you can check it out and if
you have suggestions for future videos
let me know and if you want to learn how
to level up your advertising skill set
if you're a B2B marketer then definitely
check us out at AC conversion.com and
join for free and get access to our free
on demand courses I'll see you in the
next video